I'm telling you. Ms. Yoo was
such a kind, upright person.
She was never full of herself
even though she was famous,
and she always made sure
to get me gifts for the holidays.
And I never had much work to do
at her place.
I felt bad that she was paying me.
Gosh, I can't believe
that he killed someone like her.
That man, Do Hak Young,
must be punished.
How many times a week
did you visit Ms. Yoo's place?
Three times.
Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.
What did you usually do
when you were at her place?
I did laundry and cooked for her.
You didn't clean her place?
She was very clean and neat.
There was never really
anything to clean.
She always cleaned her couch
with a lint roller,
and she had a robot vacuum cleaner
that cleaned the floor every day.
Hang on a second.
A robot vacuum cleaner?
What is that?
Is that what happened when a robot
vacuum went over a dog's poop?
That's hilarious.
This isn't just a funny photo.
This pattern.
Doesn't it remind you of something?
What?
Gosh, this.
My gosh! Hey. Could this be...
What do you think?
Don't they look similar?
Hey, does this mean the blood
at the scene could've been...
What if the drawing was done
by the robot vacuum?
- Sorry? The robot vacuum?
- The robot vacuum?
Yes, that will put
the pieces of the puzzle together.
We've been having a hard time
because we couldn't figure out...
how that blood pattern was created.
Gosh, you're right.
Well, you said Ms. Yoo fainted often
due to cupulolithiasis, right?
Yes, she was even taken
to the emergency room once.
So, this must've been what happened.
She must've fainted
because of her cupulolithiasis...
and died from a head injury.
Then her robot vacuum must've
made that pattern with her blood.
Gosh, I just got goosebumps.
We didn't find any robot vacuum
at her place though.
She has one.
Did you look everywhere?
Of course. I even know what kinds
of plates she has in her cupboards.
Did you search everywhere
including outside of her place?
Outside?
I have a robot vacuum as well,
but it can keep moving around.
It goes outside
if I leave the door open.
It's even fallen off my balcony.
It's possible that her robot vacuum
is somewhere outside.
What's the color
of her robot vacuum?
It's red.
Have you seen a robot vacuum
moving around...
in the hallway or the elevator?
Well, I don't think I've seen any
in the hallway or the elevator.
But sometime last month,
kids found one on the flowers...
in front of Building 103
and brought it to me.
Building 103?
Oh, that must be the one.
Ms. Yoo lived in Unit 2009
in Building 103.
What color was it?
I think it was red.
Perfect. It'll be game over
if we can find her blood on it.
Where is it now?
I threw it out a long time ago.
It's probably at the e-waste
disposal facility by now.
How on earth are we going
to find that robot vacuum here?
It'll be easier than trying to find
narcotics at a flour milling plant.
Goodness, we won't be able
to find it.
If anyone actually finds
that robot vacuum here,
I'll address that person with an
honorific for the rest of my life.
Seriously? My gosh, I'm suddenly...
feeling so motivated.
I'm getting a rush of motivation.
Wait, Mr. Jung. Mr. Jung!
Let's go back to the office
and ask for backup again, okay?
We can ask other senior
assisting officers for help and...
Goodness gracious.
Hey, be quiet! That little...
Gosh, why...
For goodness' sake.
I'm wearing new shoes today.
Gosh, I'm so annoyed right now.
What is the matter with him?
My goodness.
Oh, my gosh.
Where could it be?
Someone threw this out
with kimchi inside.
Hong Joo,
I found another robot vacuum.
- How many times have I told you?
- That voice...
It's red, not green. Red, okay?
Oh, right. I keep forgetting that.
Hong Joo.
My gosh, Jae Chan.
I was going to call you when I
find it. How did you figure it out?
What are you doing here, Hong Joo?
When I was reading comments
on the internet,
I stumbled upon a picture of a mess
made by a robot vacuum.
My gosh, it looked so much like
the blood pattern at the scene.
Netizens in this country
are so impressive.
They're really
like an investigation squad.
I'm certain that the blood pattern
at the scene of Ms. Yoo's death...
was made by her robot vacuum.
We've already found a few,
so if you analyze any blood
found on them...
Thank you.
Goodness, all of us here
have been working hard.
You can't give special treatment
to just one of us.
You're hurting our feelings here.
Don't be like that. Be fair.
You should thank all of us,
- okay?
- All right. Thank you.
Go away. You reek of sweat.
Thank you.
No problem.
This will clear Hak Young's name.
I should thank you.
All of you guys should
thank me the most!
Du Hyun.
Amazing.
He found three.
After the blood analysis... Gosh.
Sorry about that.
After the blood analysis is done,
you have to let SBC
cover it exclusively.
All right, I will.
Amazing job, sir.
Pardon me?
Sir, you too.
You too, ma'am.
And you too, my obese fellow.
Great work, everyone.
What? You'll find it
hard to believe,
but my belly isn't sticking out.
It's my chest that's sunken in.
Woo Tak, let's go.
Goodbye, sir.
Have we heard anything
from the forensic unit?
No. They said they'd call us
as soon as the results are out.
It's taking pretty long.
What if Yoo Su Kyung's DNA...
isn't found in the blood?
Well, then I guess we'll have to go
back there to find another one.
You want me to go there again?
My apologies. Gosh, I dozed off...
and had a dream
where I got a draft notice.
Why aren't you saying anything?
Help me out here, please.
Hello? Yes, that's right.
Oh, the results are out?
Yes.
Oh, is that right? Okay. Thank you.
They found blood
on 1 of the 6 robot vacuums,
and according to the DNA analysis,
it is Yoo Su Kyung's blood!
Yes! Amazing! We did it!
Oh, what are you doing?
Great work.
Thanks. You too.
Are you sure?
Thank goodness. Okay, I'll start
writing an article right away.
They found Yoo Su Kyung's blood!
Gosh, I'm so relieved.
Which one of us found
the one with the blood?
Is it the one I found?
Gosh, Kyung Han.
That's not even important.
I have to go back to work
to write the article. Bye.
All right. Bye.
Hong Joo.
Yes. What's up?
About the man who attacked
Jae Chan in your dream...
I think it was Hak Young.
How do you know that?
I met him a few days ago,
and he was wearing a black hat.
But he's been acquitted, so what you
saw in your dream won't happen.
I want to ask you for a favor though
just in case.
What is it?
Can you interview Hak Young
for the article you're writing?
People have been cursing him
like there's no tomorrow, you know.
I bet there are many things
he wants to say.
He'll regret it if he never
gets them off his chest.
That may make him do
something stupid out of anger.
You're right.
Don't worry. I'll listen
to everything he wants to say.
Thanks, Hong Joo.
What are you so excited about?
I'm on my way to get my decision
on the Do Hak Young case approved.
Not guilty. And we won't indict him.
Mr. Jung.
Please spare me a second.
You want me to indict him
when he's not guilty?
Are you out of your mind?
No, I'm in my right mind. And I know
that he shouldn't be indicted.
And you're spewing such nonsense?
If you let him go like this,
reporters will criticize
the investigation once again.
Hey, what's there to criticize?
We found evidence to prove that
he's not guilty. The robot vacuum!
We even found
Yoo Su Kyung's blood on it.
Do you think reporters
will spin things that way?
"Actually, we were wrong. The
prosecution was right all along."
Do you think they'll write that?
Let's just say that he's been
acquitted.
Make sure it doesn't go over
15 seconds.
Then what about the robot vacuum?
We need to tell people about it...
to make sure they won't criticize
the prosecution and its decision.
Why do we have to worry about that?
Just keep it brief.
Then people will keep treating
Do Hak Young as a murderer.
What do you want me to do, then?
All we've been doing
is criticizing the prosecution.
It'll be too embarrassing
to change our words like that.
We must change our words.
How can we ignore it
fully knowing the truth?
Just ignore it.
That's much better
than dealing with embarrassment.
- Captain!
There's a thing called the Law
of Motion in the news industry.
If we suddenly make a U-turn
after going straight for a while,
what will people think of us?
Hey, I used to be
just like you guys.
If we keep changing our direction,
no one will want to watch our news
because it'll make them dizzy.
No media outlet
will report the truth...
about the Do Hak Young case. Never.
Don't jinx it, will you?
I'm not trying to jinx it.
I'm telling you the reality.
The media will never take our side.
The public's view
won't change either.
The protesters will continue
to protest and curse at you.
And they'll criticize the work
you do...
for every case you take on
from now on.
Hey, you! Why don't you
have lunch with Seung Won?
Yes, you should be friends with him.
His brother is a prosecutor,
you know. Who knows?
His brother might be able
to let your dad out of jail.
Yes, that's right!
As we all know, his brother's
specialty is releasing criminals.
Hey!
Hey, stop it!
- Guys, break it up!
- That's enough!
- You jerk!
- Gosh!
Come here, jerk!
Apologize immediately, you punk!
- Hey, who do you think you are?
- Stop him!
Stop, please.
- Hey.
- What's he doing?
Hey! Stop it.
- Gosh, stop!
- That's enough!
- Hold him.
- Hey, please.
So, you should indict him.
If Do Hak Young gets a lawyer
to handle the trial,
he'll get acquitted anyway.
Then he'll be released,
and those who have been criticizing
you will start targeting the judge.
Everyone will say that
the prosecution has done its best.
Why are you volunteering
to take all the blame?
Just indict him, and take your hands
off of it once and for all.
(Assistant Chief Prosecutor
Park Dae Young)
Are you okay?
Yes.
I'm sorry I punched you earlier.
Let me go!
Why did you bring me back to life?
Why did you save my life?
You should've just let me die.
- Let go!
- Bring Ultram!
- Yes, Doctor.
- Let go of me!
Just let me die, please!
I said, let go!
You should live, sir.
I...
I don't resent you.
I'm glad...
that you're alive.
So, please.
Just live.
[Kocowa Ver] E18 While You Were Sleeping "The Usual Suspect"
-= Ruo Xi =-
My dad told me...
that anger can make even things
that are right feel unbearable.
Saving a life is the right thing
to do, of course.
But I couldn't stand the situation
earlier because I was too angry.
Thanks.
Hadn't it been for you, I would've
had to live with regrets forever.
From Chestnut.
Are you still torn?
No, I've made up my mind.
- Will you indict him?
- No.
I won't indict him
because he's not guilty.
Isn't it obvious?
Gosh, you're so dumb.
You never listen to a word I say,
do you?
I heard everything you said,
and I know
what you're worried about.
But who knows?
There might be some reporters
who are as dumb as me.
Does anyone have
anything else to discuss?
Not you guys!
The news that Do Hak Young
has been acquitted.
I want to give it
a full minute and a half.
Guys, enough is enough, okay?
We'll look ridiculous
if we cover that story in full.
Who'd want to watch a news program
that keeps changing its words?
Even navigation systems
search for the best route again...
when the driver takes the wrong way.
Can you drive with a navigation
system that keeps telling you...
to take the wrong way?
When something is wrong,
we need to correct it.
Who'd trust a news program that
insists what's wrong is right?
Goodness, fine.
Are you my supervisor or what?
Just be glad that she's not
your supervisor.
If she had
more seniority than you...
What?
My gosh, I must be losing my mind.
We'll do the interview over there.
Okay, thank you.
You should eat this
on your way back.
The yellow one is salad gimbap,
and the blue one is beef gimbap.
No, it's okay.
I wanted to do something to show you
how much I appreciate everything.
Thank you.
Hey, that jacket makes you look
like a punk. Wear mine instead.
Really?
Hey, thanks.
Dozens of reporters surrounded me
when I got arrested.
Now that I've been acquitted,
only that one team showed up.
I know, right?
Are you ready?
Yes.
Well... Gosh, Woo Tak.
What should I say?
Please feel free to say
everything you've wanted to say.
So...
I'm...
Well, I...
didn't kill her.
I really didn't kill her.
I...
did not kill the archer,
Yoo Su Kyung.
Since being suspected of killing Ms.
Yoo Su Kyung and getting arrested,
Mr. Do has been the target of
collective rage at a national level.
Upon hearing about the prosecution's
decision to acquit him,
he publicly spoke
of his innocence...
but soon got choked up
and couldn't continue.
Hey, did you watch the news?
I'm watching it now.
Her death was an accident,
not homicide.
That is crazy.
Is this really true?
Yes, it's true.
The blood pattern on the floor was
made by a robot vacuum, not him.
What? A robot vacuum?
- That's right!
- My gosh.
The prosecution did an excellent job
with the investigation.
From now on, we should trust
everything the prosecution does.
Gosh, this is...
- Goodness.
- The sky is so clear today.
Since the robot vacuum
with Ms. Yoo's blood was found,
the criticism
against the prosecution...
has been dying down.
The prosecution acquitted
the accused, Mr. Do,
and the case has been closed.
Unbelievable.
Because Ms. Yoo was a sports star
loved by the entire nation,
Mr. Do, who was
suspected of killing her...
I must say, Ms. Nam is
the only reporter...
who is trying
to clarify our intentions.
I know, right?
Anger made even things
that are right feel unbearable.
My dad told me...
that anger can make even things
that are right feel unbearable.
You look so much
like someone I know.
Who?
A jerk who punched me
when I was a kid.
The prosecution's investigation...
revealed that Ms. Yoo's death
was an accident, not homicide.
We would like to correct
our previous report.
We sincerely apologize to Mr. Do
and all of our viewers.
This was Reporter Nam Hong Joo
of "SBC News".
That can't be.
What's wrong?
Excuse me. Where did Ms. Yoon go?
She stepped out to go to the
pharmacy to pick up digestive aids.
Wait, Mr. Jung.
It's because I'm having those
dreams too.
Why did you give it to me?
Why me?
I have no idea...
why it's happening to you.
There must be a reason why...
it has to be you and me.
The kid who saved your life...
Wasn't it Hong Joo?
You keep seeing Hong Joo
in your dreams,
so she must be
the one who saved your life.
The kid who saved me was a boy.
It wasn't Hong Joo.
Thank you.
(Pharmacy)
My gosh!
Mr. Jung.
Was Hong Joo's nickname...
Chestnut by any chance?
Gosh, how do you know?
She wanted to become
a baseball player as a kid,
so she got a buzz cut, which
made her head look like a chestnut.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
- All right.
- Thank you again.
- Okay.
- Thank you!
You're welcome!
Thank you!
Why is he thanking me?
(Mr. Yoo Man Ho)
Yes, Mr. Yoo. I saw the news.
The prosecution found
something totally useless...
and acquitted Do Hak Young.
Please don't worry.
I'm going to meet
with the reporters and drop a bomb.
Did you see the pictures
I gave you the other day?
He's Lieutenant Han Woo Tak.
He's Prosecutor Jung's close friend.
I found out that Lieutenant Han...
and Do Hak Young used to be
roommates.
Does that mean the prosecutor
let Do Hak Young go...
because they're acquainted?
Well, I was hoping that Jae Chan...
I mean,
Prosecutor Jung wouldn't
go that low,
but he did acquit him,
so it must be the case.
Oh, I'll go with the second one
from the left, the ring with ruby.
You have a good eye.
What's your girlfriend's ring size?
I don't really know her ring size.
What is this?
Just something small.
I thought you'd need it.
She must have seen this
in her dream.
Here. Please match this size.
Sure. You picked ruby. Are you going
to profess your feelings to her?
I'm meeting a friend whom
I've known for a very long time.
Where are you? There's something
I want to tell you in person.
Woo Tak, it's me. Do you know
where Do Hak Young is now?
Woo Tak.
To tell you the truth,
I was...
not in my right mind
for a little while.
From the jerk that vandalized
my mom's restaurant...
to the police and the prosecutor,
I contemplated killing them all.
I just thought about it.
Oh, boy.
Why did I think like that?
I'm glad to know
that you've come to your senses.
Your secret is safe with me,
so don't leave the police force.
That's... I'd say it's luck.
Luck created by a misunderstanding.
Hak Young and I are having
drinks together now.
You don't need to worry
about that dream anymore.
(Youngdeok Crab)
Where should I meet you?
If I really
changed the future earlier...
I mean, let's just say that I did.
Then what's going to happen?
I'm not sure.
Kyung Han, Mr. Yoo Man Ho's personal
firearm hasn't been returned yet.
Have you tried contacting him?
Yes, I can't get a hold of him.
Really?
Yoo Man Ho...
That name rings a bell.
When you stop a flowing stream,
it diverts its course.
We stopped things
that were supposed to happen,
so time will probably divert
from its predetermined course now.
If time changes its direction,
which way will it go?
Will things be better or worse?
I don't know because I haven't
tried to change things yet.
One thing I know for certain is...
that time will flow differently
from now on,
whether it's good...
or bad.
He's been shot!
- Gosh!
- How did that happen?
- Help!
- Call an ambulance!
- He got shot!
- He needs help!
Jae Chan, Jae Chan!
Please call an ambulance.
Can somebody call an ambulance?
Please...
Call an ambulance right away,
please.
Jae Chan. Hang in there, Jae Chan.
Jae Chan, no...
Please call an ambulance!
Please help!
Jae Chan...
Please call an ambulance!
(While You Were Sleeping)
I couldn't change the dream.
I did,
but it turned out to be worse.
You're Chestnut.
Why didn't I recognize you?
If this is the end, you'll keep
blaming yourself for everything.
Did I shoot him?
Did I abet or aid the murder?
What are you
going to charge me with?
You 13 years ago is a scar to me.
Jae Chan.
There's something I want
to tell you.
It's much more than telling you
that it's nice to see you.